Hi!I'mCottontail!Honk!IloveEaster!DoyoulikeEaster?Cricketsarethebest!Cricketsaresoyummy!Andbunnies!Bunniesaren'ttastybuttheyarepartofEaster!Wait,I'mabunny.Hop!Hop!Do you like my feathers?
Whowouldwanttomakearottenegg?You'resilly!Hophophop!
RedSnappergoeswellpetals!Hophophophop!Yummy!
Youcouldmakeascorpionegg...ifyoucouldfindascorpion.Easiertocatchone!Yupyupyup! Hophophop!
Youcanfishanywherethat'swetinthemaze.Didyounoticetheblueeastergrassiswet? Yupyupyup!Itdoes!
Hophophop!RedLobstertastesbestwithbluepetals.Yupyupyup!
Allbeesgoinapiaries.Eveneggbees.Imgettingoutofhere!Hophophop!
Mushroomsgowellwitheggs!Mmm-mm!Hophophop!
NoIdidn'thaveanysugartoday!Theeasterbunnydidn'tlayanyeggsbecauseitneedschickenfeedtohatchfirst!
Teaisgreat!Iwantitallthetime!Ateaseteggwouldbeawesome!Hophophop!Youcouldhatchitwithchickenfood!
Canyoubelievethereisgoingtobeateaparty?!Hophophop!I'msoexcited!iwannatrytea!Mopsysaysno.She'smean.



Hello. I'm Mopsy-pyo. I am an Easter bunny-pyo. Hop. Hop. I feel ridiculous...pyo.
Wood does great things to eggs-pyo. Have you tried it all together-pyo?
If an egg looks like a thing you probably use that to make it-pyo. That should be obvious-pyo.
If you don't like breaking decorations, don't worry-pyo. Grow Eggwood-pyo.
We'll be back next year-pyo. You don't have to finish everything this year-pyo. Relax. Hop some. Hop.
Hop. One egg you have to grow-pyo. It might take a long time to get it-pyo.
Changing the number of petals you use can give you a different egg-pyo.
Things you can gather make interesting eggs-pyo. But you know that because you're smart-pyo.
Alice will give you three kinds of pets-pyo. But there are ways to make them too-pyo.
Rotate the Easter hedge to get different shapes-pyo. You can do that with most fences-pyo.
Set the May or April eggs down and then pick them like a mushroom to open them.
If you can scavenge it you can probably get an egg out of it-pyo. Hop.
Pets, Eggwood, and May eggs all give you different gifts-pyo. Get a lot of them if you're smart-pyo.
Use food on an egg at the combine table to try to hatch it-pyo.
Hop. Hop. Can I be done now-pyo? Hop.
I am obligated to hop for you-pyo. Because I am a bunny-pyo. Hop. Hop.


Hiya! Have you found any eggs yet? Squeak! Oh, no I was supposed to introduce myself! Click-click. I'm Flopsy.
Squeak! The prettiest eggs make petals and leaves. Or was it the other way 'round? Click-click.
The Great Golden Egg definitely cannot maybe be decorated. I think. Click-click. It's all so confusing.
Shells are so pretty next to eggs in my nest.
Easter pillars have a lot of pretty wisteria.
Chirrup! Basalt and ore are so lovely together! Squeak!
Purple petals act like eggplant! Click-click something about that seems wrong somehow...
Churrrrr... Ores and teasets make the prettiest, most useful eggs of all!
Chirrup! Filligee food thinks Crystal eggs are tasty! Wait... Click-click.
Pretty things like me! ...wait that's not right... Click-click.


Thumpthumpthump! I'm Thumper! Who're you? Could you get this itch on my head? It's very annoying. Oh. Right there! Churrrrr...
Some eggs like to listen to music! Thumpthumpthump! I love the bass lines, myself!
Where there's treasure, there's a pirate. Thumpthumpthump! I should get myself a pegleg. Then I'd really thump!
Thumpthump! X marks the spot. Thump! Did you forget where the pirate was? Maybe next year.
Thumpthumpthump! Bushes are great places to hide! Underneath stone fences makes a good place for a burrow too. Churrr...
Princesses are pink and like red and white things. Thumpthumpthump!
You'll need three sets of three things to make the most magical egg. Thump! Potions are important!
Thumpthumpthump! It's not a party without magic lights! Chuurup!
Thumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumphumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumphumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthump...
